[core] Enable object reconstruction for retryable actor tasks (#9557)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/fault-tolerance.rst

semantics. If the actor’s exact state at the time of failure is needed, the
application is responsible for resubmitting all tasks since the last
checkpoint.

.. _object-reconstruction:

Objects
-------

> Task outputs over a configurable threshold (default 100KB) may be stored in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Task outputs over a configurable threshold (default 100KB) will be stored in
```

Ray's distributed object store. Thus, a node failure can cause the loss of a
task output. If this occurs, Ray will automatically attempt to recover the
value by looking for copies of the same object on other nodes. If there are no
other copies left, an ``UnreconstructableError`` will be raised.

> When there are no copies of an object left, Ray also provides an option to
> automatically recover the value by re-executing the task that created the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of raising an ``UnreconstructableError``, Ray also provides an option to
automatically recover the value by re-executing the task that created the
```
